[tests-only][full-ci] run tests with predefined users (#12572)
owncloud/web: docs/testing/testing.md

- Admin Actions
- Groups

**The tests might show flakiness or fail due to the following reasons:**

- Slower network connection
- Features enabled/disabled

> - Running latest tests on older version of oCIS/Web

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Running latest tests against an older version of oCIS/Web
```
